I show you another view pictures speak
for themselves yeah she's just into the
back of the of the 98 got him extremely
loose he tried to correct it contact and
travis Pastrana just slips past a 98
that does an incredible job to save that
car Bates light contact the left front
fender bronze God that's what the smokes
him
and watch this view it gives you a
totally different feel it looks like oh
man they had a lot more contact see Paul
Menard had to go down pit road to avoid
being a part of that accident
look at it
he got down there and he's trying to get
Lance out of Sam horse he is trying to
get the gas but got up against him
3 of Austin Dillon nice job of not
getting collected in that as well it's
talent right there though they did a
good job out there he's already hit the
wheels are turned to the left at all
he's fighting it a loose condition to
start with and then when you get over
against you turned a little bit here
goes to back in got no air getting to
the spoiler in that particular spot
right there either but they're not
hardly a mark
how i could probably chase that just a
little more many of exam in a row
basketball team
is it worth it if he tries to correct
any more than a little contact right
there
you
still out there with a low low low
around
super suits till about three
debris
got to keep coming come on clear clear
clear oh gotcha now we mentioned the
fact that